friends here.
We're going to use your for you for your strings list.
Couple's on big studies.
Already we have seen how to use your loo for string list a couple.
Right?
But here,
I want to show you once again a bit.
Small modifications,
right?
Anyway,
there is no modification with your strength.
Let me write a simple by timescale.
Just Tokyo Worrell idea with your for loop to use for your different data structures and
later types.
Let me take loops for data.
Something like you can take any script name,
right?
Structures,
start freeway.
First of all,
let me take my stringers Anything my string working with for you apparently can print your
strength.
Right?
You can get your output.
Let me write my strength.
You're getting your output now I want to print They were strenght characters,
one by one in different lanes.
Actually,
I want to print I mean,
suppose in first line.
I want to get first character,
Second line second out of something like that,
right?
See what I'm doing?
You simply for each character.
Aiken separate character one by one,
from your given strain with help off.
You're Luke for Luke.
By default.
You can use it.
Yes.
You're getting one by one character.
Now,
you remember each of these two lines in case you for your intensive just to print a word
character one by one Characters,
right?
Not to be used for Lou for your strings.
You how joint matter?
If you remember join,
let me write.
Forced us string as it is and see the output what you're getting.
We're getting your string by adding space.
But I'm going to hurt slash your new line.
No seat output.
No,
I did write two lines off our port toe.
Bring your characters line by line,
right?
Just you can use join Mature night.
Fine then let me come in.
This there is no much work with you are strings.
In case if you want to simply print your characters one by one on your site,
you can together print.
I'm in for loop or giant directly.
That's okay.
You know what I'm doing is let me take my list.
I am writing 12345 Something like that.
Now you know how to dig.
You are each value from your list one by one,
honey can print it right?
Yes.
After your or put,
I'm able to print your wireless one by one.
That's fine.
But I assume that inside off,
at least on how a values us.
Okay,
let me give this oddities.
I want to come in this.
That's fine.
No,
actually,
no.
My listed in this way,
guys.
My list a close to list off list.
But each and every value is again a couple.
Yes,
you may have in this way.
No problem.
Something like this.
Now for this I'm using.
Now this is not like a one value.
It is like some items,
right?
I mean,
for each topple inside off a list I'm taking simply even take any variable.
I'm taking simply each item in your my list.
No,
I'm printing each item.
No seed output.
Yeah,
let me save it and see the output from your list.
This entire thing is actually one first value.
That's what I'm taking.
Each item is nothing but first value you're taking.
Then you're printing second.
Will you see?
Finally,
this entire thing is a first value in your list like one This entire valley with second
will you start of a loo.
Now you're taking one by one on your printing.
Them?
Yes,
we're doing that now.
One more thing.
Let me open my common line.
It's very important by doing this time,
You guys,
I have a couple called some number.
Maybe in this way.
And I'm going to assign this like X.
Come away,
goes to and print your way and see the result would you?
How you're going to get six on any X?
We are going to get fight.
No,
What I'm doing here is with help off your for lewd this entire thing I'm storing into each
item,
variable.
I'm going to store this.
First of all,
you into this each item that I'm bringing the second value.
Then I'm bringing third value.
I'm taking on that.
I'm printing with help off your look.
But while taking here because we have approval is in the inside off this couple,
I can unpack it with two variables.
I mean,
see,
I'm taking something like first value and then second Well,
Afghan bias,
no one I'm doing is I'm going to print only off.
I'm going to print only if that means from each and every item I am taking first value
other than I am printing there.
Actually,
I am taking to values.
But first value oneness.
I'm ascending.
BF so I mustn't be Yes,
but I am bringing only if that's what.
What is that what you're going to expertise from first item one from here for from here?
Six.
See that put?
Let me run it by saving this court.
One second.
Yeah.
Let me save it on.
Bernie said output 146 year getting only first values.
Now I'm bringing Yes,
no.
In each and every item you're going to get second value.
I want to print both.
Yes,
you can print it.
No problem.
You have come.
Oh,
yes,
One grandma do.
I'm in 1 to 456 only you're getting one and two.
I mean,
why I have taken value from your list if that,
I believe,
is a couple or maybe a list Also,
that you can unpack it in tow.
Two variables.
Let me take now instead of a couple.
I can also take inside off a list,
a list,
or maybe combination off your list on double salts.
Noble.
But the thing is,
whenever if you're taking two variables inside off your loop,
the value which you're taking from your list that really should have two values,
then only you can unpack it first.
The value 2 45 2nd Valuable.
Yes,
that's it.
But see,
they're supposed if I have a list Edmund digging.
Take a more for its fine.
But if I don't have only if I have one value,
you can turn back it because X come away.
Costa.
We are assigning one.
Well,
that's not possible.
Exit Coastal where Coastal You can say it.
Three.
Value.
Canton back.
It took two variables.
That's what I'm seeing here.
And what if you're taking one by one?
We leave,
though.
If you have to lose inside of that value,
you can unpack in terms off.
Two variables.
No,
see the result.
I'm saving it.
I'm running it.
Yes,
you're getting the same way.
You can write couple on insider for trouble.
You can take a couple also combination off couples and lists.
You can take anything actually,
upto this.
It's not that much important,
but the concept is important.
Why I am giving this is you have one very,
very important situation.
While working with your real time using dictionaries.
First off,
let me define my dictionary.
I'm dating suppose here.
I'm writing one.
Then be I'm writing some to let me take anything.
You can take it right?
GSC on value history?
Nothing.
No,
I'm taking for each in your my dictionary.
Let me print.
You can guess me.
Are you gonna Can you expect me?
What is that?
But I'm going to get if I run the score,
only keys you're going to get biting for If this is your dick study if you use your
dictionary inside off your look you're going to get only keys are if you remember,
one of the dictionary operation is like darkies is also there.
That is a list Any way you could take only my Dexter.
Your dictionary in your loop by the fall,
they will look for look is going to take only kiss.
Otherwise your dictionary dot keys operation.
It's very,
very important case Let me don't even see that put you're going to get kiss only.
But I want to get only values now.
You cannot play here values now see the result?
You're going to get 123 values now I want to get key and then value If you remember,
there is operation called Items on your big study Not see the result.
Each is nothing.
But now I don't which consist off key on value,
key and value because no In each and every variable you have a couple which consists off
two values.
Now I can take here two variables called key come a value.
I mean you can take any variable name but because this is Dick Sorry from the history
you're getting key and then value Now I'm taking key and value.
Now if you want to print only kiss you can print it on Li Ke.
See,
that would put But I want to print only value.
So that would put I want to get both Kik a mobile.
Yes,
nothing.
So taking keys and values from your dictionary using for loop is very,
very important,
right?
To exclude this logic again and again and see the result with all operations,
this is very,
very important place.
Working with your dictionary with the daughter items on What is the output are getting?
See if I run simply on my common line,
you have already dictionary What is our put off items?
You're going to get their list,
which consists off.
Apple has a value on in the couple.
You how one is a key and second value is the value.
No using for loop,
you can take one by one value from your loop and while taking because you have it toppled,
which consist off to lose.
Now I'm tryingto unpack in this way X,
come away cause to fight.
Come on,
six,
You know.
So now what?
I'm taking you stick a more value.
I'm digging because it's very suitable word for your dictionary.
This is a key,
and this is a valid.
That's what I'm taking.
Variable.
Starsky and Value.
Right.
Okay.
I thank you for watching this video.